Thọ Phạm 
======
#### [Senior Software Developer]

 With more than 6 years of experience in Golang, NodeJS and .NET Developer work as a software engineer in IoT distributed system, and as a software architect in web development. Design Microservices and end to end solutions with fault tolerance and high availability features with databases such as POSTGRES, MySQL, REDIS, INFLUX, and language acknowledge such as Go, .NET and Javascript(NodeJS, ReactJS). Strong cloud engineering focused on Go Developer.
 
###### [ tho.pham@veriksystems.com ] . [ 098 412 1398 ]

Skills
------
**Technical:** Go, NodeJS, AWS, Kubernetes

**Other skills:** .NET, Javascript/ReactJS, Micro-service, CI/CD, Docker, MySQL, Linux, REST, Agile/Scrum, GIT.

Experience
---------
**[*VEriK Systems - Seinor Software Engineer](http://veriksystems.com/)** (07/2020-present)

**Sunflower, Linksys** (12/2020 - 09/2021)
- Team size: 5 (leader)
- The Network Engine take responsibility to handle all communication processes among devices, networks, BSS, OSS server and app via MQTT protocol and restful APIs.
- Technical: AWS services, NodeJS, Kubernetes, Kafka.
- Responsibility for build the project with NodeJS 

**Benchmark** (12/2020 - 09/2021)


**[*OnSky - Software Engineer](http://onskyinc.com/)** (06/2018-07/2020)
**OnSky Smart home** (06/2018 - 07/2020)
- Team size: 5 (leader)
- An IoT Cloud that is designed to store and process the Internet of Things (IoT) data, powered by AWS, describes as a "massively scalable real-time event processing engine." The platform is built to take in the massive volumes of data generated by devices, sensors, applications, customers and partners and initiate actions for real-time responses. The minimum build for 50 concurrent users and 10.000 devices controlled by 20 microservices in more than 30 containers.
- Technical: Microservice, IoT pattern, AWS services, Go, NodeJS, Kubernetes.
- Responsibility for build, scale up, and maintain project.

**Integrated Google home to OnSky Smarthome** (06/2019 – 10/2019)
- Team size: 2 (member)
- A project build on NodeJS and google cloud platform ( actions and firebase) to control all OnSky devices with Vietnamese voice via Smart Speaker Google Home / Mini / Hub for smart home systems, smart offices, smart meeting.
- Technical: GCP services, NodeJS, Kubernetes.
- Responsibility for build a fullfilment service for handle control device via speech to text.

**[*NOIS - Software Engineer](http://nois.vn/)** (01/2016-06/2018)

**Nopcomerce project** (06/2017 – 12/2017)
- Team size: 3 (member)
- An ecommerce website to trade services of telecommunication by Bridge Alliance. The project using Nopcommerce opensource build on ASP.NET and Jquery. Tools used to are VPN, Git, Team foundation server.
- Responsibility for maitain and upgrade the Nopcommerce to v3.9.0

**[*Ruby - Web Developer](http://rubyvn.com/)** (01/2015-12/2015)

**Ecommerce project** 
- Team size: 2 (member)
- Responsibility for Build a small Ecommerce project based on .NET and AngularJS.

Education & Certificate
---------
**[*B.S. in Information Technology, Ho Chi Minh Technology and Education University]()** (2010 – 2014)

**[*MCSD App Builder]()** (10/2017)
- Microsoft certificate for App builder.  
  


